snob(1) - snmp network object browser
==============================
## SYNOPSIS
`snob` [OPTIONS] [HOST]

## DESCRIPTION
`snob` uses the snmpwalk utility to browse MIB objects on snmp-enabled devices, such as, 
switches, routers, servers, etc.

This utility is written specifically for snmp version 3 because of
its security features. Backwards compatibility to version 2c is not included
at this time. Sorry:(.

The special `--list` switch is included to provide easily remembered names for
1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.9 or ipNetToPhysicalPhysAddress or other cryptic looking
OIDs.

The output is raw by default. In addition, a --dump option is included for dumping
the resulting output to a file, raw_dump.txt, for later perusal. A --format option
exists in an attempt to pretty-print the output for display on screen. The --only-values
flag allows output to be used raw by another application like RRDTool for graphing 
trends when you know which OID you want.

## OPTIONS
```
-l, --list  
        displays some predefined OID's (Object IDentifiers)

-m OID, --mib=OID
        displays information for this OID
        (default system)

-d, --dump
        writes output to a file, raw only

-f, --formatted
        displays output as a formatted table

-o, --only-values
        displays values only (not OID = value)

-e, --edit
        edits global config file using default editor

-h, --help     
        show this help  

-v, --version  
        show version  
```

## EXAMPLES
```
$ snob myserver  
sysDescr.0 = Linux myserver 3.10.0-957.12.1.el7.x86_64 #1 SMP Mon Apr 29 14:59:59 UTC 2019 x86_64  
sysObjectID.0 = netSnmpAgentOIDs.10  
sysUpTimeInstance = 9:0:58:49.85  
sysContact.0 = root  
sysName.0 = myserver  
sysLocation.0 = my space  
sysServices.0 = 76  
sysORLastChange.0 = 0:0:00:15.09  
sysServices.0 = 76  
sysORLastChange.0 = 0:0:00:15.09  
```

## FILES
~/.snob/snobrc.yml  
~/tmp/raw_dump.txt

## SEE ALSO
snmpwalk(1)  
snob(5)

## AUTHOR
Lewis E. Bogan

## COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2019 Lewis E. Bogan <lewis.bogan@comcast.net>

## LICENSE
This utility is available as open source under the terms of the  
MIT License http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
